qm-disk-resize: add page; qm-resize: add alias page (#10496)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/qm-resize.md

> # qm resize
> 
> > Resize a virtual machine (VM) in the Proxmox Virtual Environment (PVE).
> > More information: <https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/qm.1.html>.
> 
> - Resize a virtual machine by id:
> 
> `qm resize {{vm_id}} {{disk_name}} +{{resize_value}}G`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# qm resize

> This command is an alias of `qm-disk-resize`.
> More information: <https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/qm.1.html>.

- View documentation for the original command:

`tldr qm-disk-resize`
```
